# Basic-Portfolio(Responsive)
In this assignment, I'have create two different portfolios. The first will be an update of the one you made last week. And enhanced the portfolio I made last week with a mobile-responsive layout. For the second portfolio, I build a layout using the Bootstrap CSS framework.
Inside my Responsive-Portfolio folder, find my styles.css file.  I have write my media queries at the bottom of styles.css. Use three @media screen tags, each with one of these max-widths: 980px, 768px and 640px.

I have use 980px because  I never want any of the content to be cut off. Since the desktop layout is about 960px wide, you want the media queries to kick in before my content gets cut off. 768px is about the width of a tablet and 640px is about the width of a phone in landscape.

Make the layout match the following screenshots: index.html: 980px, 768px, 640px portfolio.html: 980px, 768px, 640px contact.html: 980px, 768px, 640px Make the position of the header static (the default positioning) when the screen is 640px wide. The header design takes up a lot of room; I don't want it to stick to the top of a small screen and leave no room for the rest of your site. Be sure to include the viewport tag in all my HTML files, otherwise the media-queries won't function as expected on mobile devices. (Hint:I won't need to use exact pixels for anything other than the container) Protip: Use the Chrome extensions Window Resizer and Browser Width to see the browser dimensions in Chrome. Deploy mygit  new portfolio (now with media queries!) to GitHub Pages.